Task 2D: Geolocating vanguard in QGIS

You've probably ordered food through apps like Swiggy or Zomato, right? After placing 
the order you can track the delivery guy's location in real-time on those apps. Well, 
we're aiming to do something similar with our Vanguard robot in this task. The primary 
objective of this task is to geolocate the Vanguard robot on a map within QGIS

Steps to be followed:
1.Open QGIS on your system.
2.Press "Ctrl+N" to create a new project.
3.Download the map provided.
4.Refer to this video tutorial to open the map in QGIS.
    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5UQekQzemE
5.After importing the map in QGIS, your QGIS workspace will look like this. You can zoom-in, zoom-out 
and drag the map.
6.Now you have to change the Coordinate reference system (CRS) in order to get the expected output. 
In the bottom right corner you can see the current coordinate reference system authority ID as "EPSG:32618". 
Click on that option, it will open "project properties" window. From there select coordinate reference system 
which having authority ID "EPSG:4326" and then click on "Apply" then "Ok".
7.When you hover over any perticuler region on the map, you can see the latitude and longitude of that location 
in the "coordinate" section being displayed in the bottom. Also you can right click and copy the coordinates.
8.Now create a csv file which should be named as "live_location.csv". (remember the file location we need this in below steps)
9.Create two columns "lat" and "lon" and insert a location point "39.6136558" as lattitude and "-74.3610942" as longitude.
10.Refer to "Visualize Live Air Traffic Data in QGIS" section here and follow the tutorial. 
(As of now you have only one coordinate so it will display a single point in canvas as shown bellow)
11.Download the csv file. It contains arena aruco id's along with the respective latitude, longitude of the streets.
12.After downloading the above csv file place it in the same folder where you have created your 
previous "live_location.csv" file.
13.Now as all set, bring another cup of coffee ☕ because coding kicks in. Download the boiler plate code provided , 
place it in the same folder where you have both the csv files, read the comments carefully and 
complete "read_csv()", "write_csv()" and "tracker()" functions accordingly.



Task Video link:
Youtube:    https://youtu.be/eMrNtQBQVdE